Why didn't you take it out just now?
From start to finish
Did any of you ask me?
Is there any invitation letter?
Sure enough, it's your real invitation.
Oh, really?
Really? It really is. It really is.
Again
Just hold the invitation
Would you believe it?
In your heart I have always been
All poor
Liar, right?
Because because you have been
What I did to you
You're lying to me!
Okay, since I cheated you first
Then I'll show you if I'm lying to you.
Do you have any colleagues in the jewelry industry?
Next week, we will officially notify the jewelry industry.
All right.
Boss Zhou
Please help me see if this ring is genuine.
Why is there only one new ring of true love?
one
Here I am.
These two are indeed genuine.
Mr. Zhou
Could you read it wrong?
I have seen the ring of true love
Impossible to read wrong
You believe now
This must have been replaced by the real thing by the lady's dimming.
So?
No matter what I say, you have a reason to say it's false
Why should I waste my time with you here?
President Liang
Make a decision?